My superpower should fill in the blanks
This King Kong is not bad and can't bear it.
How is that possible?
Let me tell you something.
Miracles happen.
Since he dares to challenge people who seem more powerful than him
That means he is definitely not an ordinary person.
Then did you promise to buy it?
Beautiful woman, who are you going to press?
Brother Tao, be careful
Is this super power really possible?
It's a pity
Master, he won
Waste waste
Today or he will die here
Or you will die here
This gentleman is not allowed to advance
Are you still going to compete?
Brother Tao, we are no longer short of money
Let's just go.
If the challenge is successful, you can get 100 million bonus 100 million
OK
Just hit 100 million
The bonus is so high
It should be a murderous human spirit that has not lost a battle
Must die